add a note in README.md (#55)
TLeonardUK/ds3os: README.md

Servers can also be password protected if required by setting as password in Saved\config.json, a password will need to be entered when attempting to launch the game with a protected server.

> **NOTE**: The **steam** client (no need login) must be installed when you run the **Server.exe**. Otherwise, **Server.exe** will crash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: The **steam** client (no login needed) must be installed when you run the **Server.exe**. Otherwise, **Server.exe** will fail to initialize.
```

Grammer fix / correct the fact, that its not crashing just not initializing.

Author: Yes, you are right. I have fix the expression.
